Convert repository (#641)
home-assistant/wheels-custom-integrations: README.md

# Custom Integration Wheels

> Home Assistant use musllinux wheels for the integration. For you custom component library, you need provide any wheels or if they include binaries, musllinux wheels. You can upload this as well with the release to pypi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Home Assistant uses musllinux wheels for the integration. For your custom component library, you need to provide any wheels, or if they include binaries, musllinux wheels. You can upload this as well with the release to PyPI.
```
